Make 'async' part of the function type, not a hint (#578)
WebAssembly/component-model: design/mvp/CanonicalABI.md

  store(cx, p2, U32Type(), ptr + 4)
  return [event]
```
A non-`async`-typed function export that has not yet returned a value

> unconditionally traps if it transitively attempts to call `wait` (regardless of

Reviewer: > A non-`async`-typed function export that has not yet returned a value unconditionally traps if (...)

I see this definition in a couple places. Does this mean that a non-`async`-typed function export _may_ block _after_ it has returned a value?

```python
def canon_thread_yield(cancellable, thread):
  trap_if(not thread.task.inst.may_leave)
  if not thread.task.may_block():
    return [SuspendResult.NOT_CANCELLED]
  event_code,_,_ = thread.task.yield_until(lambda: True, thread, cancellable)
  match event_code:
    case EventCode.NONE:
      return [SuspendResult.NOT_CANCELLED]
    case EventCode.TASK_CANCELLED:
      return [SuspendResult.CANCELLED]
```
If a non-`async`-typed function export that has not yet returned a value
transitively calls `thread.yield`, it returns immediately without blocking
(instead of trapping, as with other possibly-blocking operations like

> `waitable-set.poll`). This is because, unlike other built-ins, `thread.yield`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
(instead of trapping, as with other possibly-blocking operations like
`waitable-set.wait`). This is because, unlike other built-ins, `thread.yield`
```
